What did I do, What worked, What didn't.
	Do:
		8:30 am - Ghost, 50mg Mg, Smooth 4 caps, Calm 2 caps
		Generated plans for LLM
		Looking into OpenAI, residency is lit...
			Discouraged by the innovation there, overwhelmed that a company is producing so much more than me by myself
			"We’re excited about people who are already experts in their fields as well as people who are not yet specialized but show high potential. By “high potential” we mean people who have demonstrated the ability to ramp up quickly in a new domain and produce results."
		Watch more of Karpathy video on mircograd, used chatgpt to explain code
			[[1 Intro to nn and micrograd]]: \[n(x) for n in self.neurons], n is created in the for loop to refer to the neuron in the layer, then calls the neuron function!
			Concepts not that hard, so far, syntax and language is tripping point - requires fine following
			Gradient descent... life as an optimization function lmao
		[[2 Intro to Language Modeling building makemore]] Karpathy really just knew what we wanted oml
			Bigram
		Ate food around 1:30-2, slowed down significantly. Also did laundry.
		Watched over the beginning of makemore video, then talked to Nolan and made food.
		Returned at 6, watching remaining of video - will rewatch and note take since the matrix math is strange as described
		~7-11pm was spent on twitter, going to in n out, and ranting about Trump...
	Did/Didn't
		Felt educated by videos. Keyhole of informational processing is quite apparent, however. Want to learn instantly, want to learn faster. SO hard to no feel behind while doing so. One day, ~5 hours of deep work in on bad sleep so thats pretty alright. 
		No projects done, some copying code though. This could work towards NN for crypto!
		Reflecting on friends... who do I want to spend my time on? Riley? Nolan? Benji? Court? I have no idea. Well, I do - it just feels like the wrong answer.
		Season of work? Return to friends later on?
		Why on earth am I doing nothing with like the other 4 hours of my day that wasn't spent on cooking?!
			Time to get the e ink reader



Brian Armstrong: action produces information
Can't see too far forward, but the next steps are often clear

Planning for the future a bit:
	Curiosity
	Mentorship, workshops, idea leader?
		Need some kind of merit to back up?
		Body of work for the subject matter? Generalism?
		Making people think, looking up to great speakers in general
		Cognitive ergonomics, touching the heart through the mind, prompt engineering, speaking a clear line through the fog
	Idea man, no skills outside creative connections?
		Producing something based on those ideas?
		How to find myself doing what I love with the skills I have
		**Talking and thinking about the thing is the thing, but how do I provide value for doing the thing?**
			Goals of the actual thing? Just learning frfr, this doesnt directly add value to something that extracts it...
	Note syncer
		Auto transcription audio notes
		Read handwritten notes
	Docusign killer?
		Speak to Escrow agencies, collect transaction files?
		Textbooks of course
		Training off of RE sites? Bayeast, CAR, etc?
	I want to get an LLM up and running
	Ad testing, finding some value location.
		**Doesn't need to be my entire life, just enough to pay some bills**
	

Decentralize tech, implies many many options for every thing.
	AI code is big big
	Talk to Claude/Julius, get some code running
Keeping up vs moving forward.
Curing uncertainty seems like an impossible task? Reduce scope and reduce uncertainty?
Type speed enhancing good lord no matter how quickly I type its like snails pace