### File: ./input_files\2024-04-10.md

![[20240410018.wav]]

## Transcript

I had a dream I was talking to Alex Farmuzzi in the... right next to the
sandboxes in full winter. Looking up at the trees over the propane tank. Made
a joke about us who was titled depression. Woke up still thinking about that
Realized I've been kind of Autopiloting my way through things Thinking about
having a kid And how I would teach him things And what to do if he protests
When I tell him to do chores I want to teach him As much as I possibly can
Because I know a thing or two One of the things I know is that words fall so
short to things just being done. Just learning with your own hands.
Practicing. And the two things just need to be done. I want to find my Lila I
want to reorient about what I doing and why AI. I realize that I'm on
autopilot not really aware because several times I've had notions to get up
and record things during my dreams and I never really realized that I was in
the middle of one And I also never recorded that thing Maybe that's also why I
wake up all through the night right now Or maybe I should just stop dosing the
whole time I'm a 4-bit Because these intermittent wakes are just fucking
stupid Thank you.

## Keywords

depression, stupid, Autopiloting, chores, winter, Lila, 4-bit, aware,
intermittent wakes, hands, dreams, Alex Farmuzzi, dream, teach, reorient,
propane tank, record, kid, trees, sandboxes, learning
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=f2799443-6c2c-4309-a034-ed8bd2260419)

![[20240410019.wav]]

## Transcript

Sleep may not be the way. Thinking about... Scrapping the sleep focus.
Intending towards the... Life mastery... Belief... Cultivating... Value
aligning... Higher self-incorporating, non-judgmental awareness, life mastery
bullshit kind of thing. Selling sex. Selling money. Selling alignment in doing
so with your true intentions. Why it feels bad when you do things you do not
really like. How to stop. How to have the confidence that a good one
confidence to stand up for what you really want to do Chaos theory, semantics,
Godel's results, the idea of logic being fundamentally contradictory.
propositional logic systems are founded on incompleteness. Which is not to say
that they're not describe what incompleteness is. Okay. Okay. Thank you.

## Keywords

Describe, Value aligning, Cultivating, Semantics, Selling money, True
intentions, Self-confidence, Logic, Incompleteness, Life mastery, Selling sex,
Belief, Non-judgmental awareness, Higher self-incorporating, Godel's results,
Chaos theory, Selling alignment, Contradictory, Propositional logic, Sleep
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=247c8e24-79ec-439f-85e4-6603e2293d85)

![[20240410021.wav]]

## Transcript

intrusive thoughts of needless violence, sleepless nights, driven attitude and
confidence, hunger. Is this a high testosterone environment that I've put
myself in? What is happening to me and why? this is on purpose but I didn't
expect it to do that the violence is a particularly interesting one I keep
having dreams that somebody breaks in and I just like fucking whoop them
because I've got bats and shit what else this fight the voyeurs I think that's
got a piece of it I don't know but shit like that huh I don't have any further
to go with this

## Keywords

voyeurs, testosterone environment, sleepless nights, intrusive thoughts,
violence, bats, fight, driven attitude, confidence, hunger, dreams, needless
violence
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=c17bf5ca-763a-462b-9a35-008cbbe94557)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-11.md

![[20240411023.wav]]

## Transcript

something about brotherhood, something about having others that you can rely
on, so that in case one of us blows up all of our fucking money, the other one
can sleep on their couch and get some seed money, motherfucker. That's what
it's for, huh? That's what community's all about, right? I can fall back on my
parents if I need to. That kind of shit. Like, shit, I need more of those
kinds of guys. I need people that I can rely on, that I can fucking, that
people would house me if I had nothing, that they'd feed me if I had nothing
to eat, motherfucker, that's exactly what, and likewise, so naturally, of
course, Nolan, oh my god, every single time I see that motherfucker, holy
shit, Zach, of course, Dad, Mom, of course, of course, those are obvious, I
need to find people who are aligned to my goals and aligned to my well-being,
that kind of shit, I only need a handful, I need three at the fucking most,
come on, Let's get this shit. Let's send ourselves to the deep end and have
somebody hanging on to us. Let's climb up the fucking mountain with each other
to rely on. We got felts and shit. We got ropes tying us together. One of us
fall. None of us fall. Come on, man. Beautiful. I fucking love that. It's
amazing.

## Keywords

deep connection, strong bond, mutual assistance, community, trust, aligned
goals, brotherhood, well-being, reliability, support system
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=9a12bc6d-f330-41f1-9a1b-17fdc6d6a122)

![[20240411024.wav]]

## Transcript

Aligning myself with the... Aligning myself with the fucking... With my goals.
Having my work align with my goals, my feelings about the world, and my
ability to help people. Feels amazing. It's obvious. It's one step. It's one
foot in front of the other. It's simple. Work. Just work. That's it. That's
it. It's fun. It's fun for me to put together shit about helping people with
their own minds. Put together their own minds. It's crazy. It's amazing.

## Keywords

Ability to help people, Fun work, Feelings about the world, Simple work,
Helping people with their minds, Aligning with goals, Work alignment with
goals
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=4b602764-e9fd-4df7-932d-ef1c0d364a5f)

![[20240411025.wav]]

## Transcript

One, two, three. Is there water in this bitch?

## Keywords

water, bitch
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=d15028db-e38b-4bcd-80e4-f836a5e3d2c2)

![[20240411026.wav]]

![[20240411028.wav]]

## Transcript

Venn diagram Health, wealth and relationships intersecting all at the same
point You with an arrow pointing at him Venn diagram Health, wealth and
relationships The center You What does your heart beat for? Who does your
heart beat for? That kind of idea. The same ideas that drive sales, drive
abundance mindset when it comes to meeting people. meeting 10 people will take
days on days but you will find somebody you want to talk to whenever you do
Then you will find somebody who wants to be with you out of 10,000 people. And
if you don't, then you better take every meeting that you have with a golden
opportunity and expand yourself through them. As much as we wish it to, the
world does not bend to our will, we must bend to it. is everything but it is
not all of you fitting in is a tool Behaving well is a mark of discipline and
power. Not a weakness or insanity. If you want the world to bend to your will
you need to have the influence to pull that off. Your words mean nothing until
you back them up. Thank you for watching! Takk for watching! Thank you.

## Keywords

Opportunity, Intersection, Discipline, Heart, Relationships, Venn diagram,
Power, Health, Sales, Wealth, Meeting people, Backing up words, Adaptation,
Influence, Arrow, Self-improvement, Abundance mindset, Center
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=12f39c8e-36f1-475f-8419-823431827001)

## Transcript

Venn diagram Health, wealth and relationships intersecting all at the same
point You with an arrow pointing at him Venn diagram Health, wealth and
relationships The center You What does your heart beat for? Who does your
heart beat for? That kind of idea. The same ideas that drive sales, drive
abundance mindset when it comes to meeting people. meeting 10 people will take
days on days but you will find somebody you want to talk to whenever you do
Then you will find somebody who wants to be with you out of 10,000 people. And
if you don't, then you better take every meeting that you have with a golden
opportunity and expand yourself through them. As much as we wish it to, the
world does not bend to our will, we must bend to it. is everything but it is
not all of you fitting in is a tool Behaving well is a mark of discipline and
power. Not a weakness or insanity. If you want the world to bend to your will
you need to have the influence to pull that off. Your words mean nothing until
you back them up. Thank you for watching! Takk for watching! Thank you.

## Keywords

Opportunity, Intersection, Discipline, Heart, Relationships, Venn diagram,
Power, Health, Sales, Wealth, Meeting people, Backing up words, Adaptation,
Influence, Arrow, Self-improvement, Abundance mindset, Center
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=d903a9ed-c7ed-45c9-888a-e5d8ad230e0b)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-12.md

![[20240412029.wav]]

## Transcript

Venn diagram Health, wealth and relationships intersecting all at the same
point You with an arrow pointing at him Venn diagram Health, wealth and
relationships The center You What does your heart beat for? Who does your
heart beat for? That kind of idea. The same ideas that drive sales, drive
abundance mindset when it comes to meeting people. meeting 10 people will take
days on days but you will find somebody you want to talk to whenever you do
Then you will find somebody who wants to be with you out of 10,000 people. And
if you don't, then you better take every meeting that you have with a golden
opportunity and expand yourself through them. As much as we wish it to, the
world does not bend to our will, we must bend to it. is everything but it is
not all of you fitting in is a tool Behaving well is a mark of discipline and
power. Not a weakness or insanity. If you want the world to bend to your will
you need to have the influence to pull that off. Your words mean nothing until
you back them up. Thank you for watching! Takk for watching! Thank you.

## Keywords

Opportunity, Intersection, Discipline, Heart, Relationships, Venn diagram,
Power, Health, Sales, Wealth, Meeting people, Backing up words, Adaptation,
Influence, Arrow, Self-improvement, Abundance mindset, Center
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=e8ca7555-f23d-4746-b6fc-
cbbe29fc380c)

![[20240412030.wav]]

## Transcript

I had a dream I was waking up and some guy that I knew was like fluttering me
or something I like to walk into my room and take the sheets off. I take the
comfort off and the sheets off. And I'm telling him, no, no, no, don't do
that. And he's telling me, I was good for you. You got to go to college or
whatever. And I'm like, dude, no, I know. I got it under control. He goes for
the sheets and I get up and I'm fucking a livid Like I can't even talk, I'm
like whispering, I'm so fucking mad And I'm like, man, just fucking walk him
out of my room I'm like, no, you do not walk into my fucking house and tell me
what to do Go And push him out the hallway That was a bollinger Oof Close
fight Right now I'm fucking I'm still heated About that motherfucker

## Keywords

fluttering, close fight, livid, heated, sheets, walk, guy, motherfucker,
dream, push, college, house, control, hallway, whispering, comfort, bollinger,
waking up, room, mad
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=64580bde-d1b3-4d9f-9710-f279377bcfbc)

![[20240412031.wav]]

## Transcript

I also had a dream where I was gays, but I had a dream where I was the, uh, I
guess I was a, I guess I was like the receiving end of a heteronormative
relationship. We were fucking in the car. At some point I used a dove out of
here already. I'm gonna hop right on while he's driving somewhere. I'll be
like, ugh, I worked my way down. Yeah, catch ya.

## Keywords

working down, dove, heteronormative relationship, car, gays, driving, dream
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=8739cadd-3e0b-4ca0-b5bc-b7dc3f7fa671)

![[20240412033.wav]]

## Transcript

Advertising on porn sites. General idea of there's more to it. Have you ever
thought there could be more? That kind of stuff. There are more to life than
this. Ooh, that's a good one. Decision making load. Decisions become easy when
you don't think about them because they're not decisions anymore. So how do
you put decisions into substrates? You have values. You have intentions. You
stop judging yourself for every little thing that you do. You watch yourself
when you don't judge something. You track that back to where that non-judgment
comes from, and it comes from values and beliefs, right? I'm about to go do
the dishes. That's crazy. That's because I'm fucking tired, and I know that
I'm not going to get a lot of creative work done, but I have something
brewing. And it's going to sleep. L-tryptophan may be a sleep supplement for
me from now on. Heart felt weird yesterday. This morning. I don't think I took
my magnesium last night. Maybe it's time to start doing that again. Maybe we
try that multivitamin from moreplatesmoredates.com Mr. Mandaric himself, the
gorilla of the mind. and we'll see if that affects me positively. One day's
sample size is not that great, but still, it's not nothing, right? If I feel
better tomorrow, then I'll be more happy about it.

## Keywords

Intentions, Advertising on porn sites, Multivitamin, L-tryptophan, Positive
effects, Non-judgment, Gorilla of the mind, Values, Mr. Mandaric, Decision
making load, Sample size, Magnesium, Beliefs, Sleep supplement,
Moreplatesmoredates.com
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=f5d136c2-8156-4b49-a637-ea046fd34e2f)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-13.md

![[20240413034.wav]]

![[20240413035.wav]]

![[20240413036.wav]]

![[20240413037.wav]]



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-17 and 19.md

![[20240417038.wav]]

## Transcript

I don't have the clout to start making guys when I'm doing things. Maybe I can
get away with some kind of basic consciousness meditation type thing. And some
kind of sleeping habits or something like that. But productivity and business
success does not come easily to me right now. at least does not show easily I
need, I work best in a time where I can speak to somebody just for a moment
stick me in there a week to hear them a little so one on one the building club
real estate Work on my chops for the biggest payout there is Especially when I
working with selling selling side And give me incentive to really hone the
ancillary products, marketing, websites, brand and image, all that shit. And
then that will give me an avenue to understand realtors, the licensing
structure, legal events, legal events and so on. Building that business,
agents and so on. And from there we can start thinking about either expanding
into real estate or thinking further about licensing ideas. now that they're
back there's an understanding of that

## Keywords

legal events, building business, sleeping habits, incentive, ancillary
products, branding, selling, time management, productivity, websites, real
estate, communication skills, agents, expanding, marketing, licensing ideas,
business success, consciousness meditation, clout, understanding, licensing
structure, realtors, image
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=9eeac18e-fecc-484e-9e5c-95e5b1ef0ed4)

![[20240419039.wav]]

## Transcript

I need to pick a note-taking app. I need to pick something that I can
transcribe these fucking videos, audios on to, in an organized way that's not
as clicky as Google Docs is. Should I just write my own app for that? That
seems like a cool time. Yeah. I like writing things down also different modes
of journaling is fun

## Keywords

writing, videos, organized, journaling, write my own app, Google Docs,
transcribe, note-taking app, audios, different modes
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=cb57dc95-66a9-4a9f-947d-0569dc74fe9d)

![[20240419040.wav]]

## Transcript

Thinking about mortality and the relationship that everybody is mortal, so
like, what is the point kind of situation? Eh, we'll all die, so why do we
improve? Well, I suppose in the context of dying, improving your abilities is
just as valuable as simply experiencing this moment. which leaves an
interesting question about what the fuck do I, why would I need to do
something? Why would I do anything that I'm not immediately passionate about?
And orienting myself in a way that that thing also keeps me fed is
interesting. I suppose I should consider just that axis, like whether or not
my passion aligns with feeding myself or do I live in a world where I can make
any passion be me Huh Is that healing Is that helping people recognize that
death comes for us all and therefore we should fucking chill out Karen McKenna
is the lovely thing about it, right? Don't worry. You don't know enough to
worry. Hmm. Yeah. So, why worry? What does worry mean? Why wonder? Why bother?
Why question? Kind of. Why worry? Why think that my conclusions are even
wrong? How do I even prove them wrong? Ooh. Passion is just as powerful as
tools ration. That's kind of hot. Rationality, passionality.

## Keywords

passionate, helping people, abilities, improvement, feeding, healing, death,
alignment, moment, experiencing, tools, chill out, Karen McKenna,
passionality, rationality, mortality, wrong, passion, conclusions, recognize,
relationship, proof, worry
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=f28ae199-04ff-42c6-b565-1a581df1f601)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-5.md

![[20240405009.wav]]

## Transcript

I had several dreams. First one I was running from a buffalo. I was just to
see what would happen. I had a pole in my hand. Like a javelin or something.
Ah, the buffalo was mad. I didn't really know the outcome. You were keeping
pace with me the whole time. And I kind of faded away when I got to the fence.
I had a dream where I was driving a car. I'm chasing somebody, I'm trying to
chase, it's like a race. They talking shit back and forth and I was like oh
man this thing always a traitor But I just gotta force it on yeah that kind of
stuff And eventually I took off to the side of the road, and I also took off
to a side road. I just started driving fast. For some reason, I was able to
replace parts while driving it instantly. So that was cool. Makes me think a
lot about those old business things. I had a dream I was in San Francisco
Everything was a maze of activity A maze of buildings and walls and I was
attending a party I believe it was Benji... If Benji were Asian... Oh, it was
the... It was the girl who was wearing her roommate's pants and the cherry
robe. Kind of a very square, proportioned face. Straight across bangs, curly
hair, kind of. Her and her friends. and I kept asking where things were and
how to get places and where's my car and how do I put my bag away and she
guided me around at some point we were trying to pull off a heist or something
Wouldn mark a name that funny And so we Had our getaway car and all that stuff
It was like Felt like low stakes kind of thing food. Like bags of chips or
something. Apparently weed. Maybe. I got what we came for. We loaded up my car
and the big car that Mark was driving. I assume the girls piled in at some
point. We drove out of there and we met at a place. Everything was still like,
I don't want to say cyberpunk, but impacted. Houses built like right on top of
each other. ...of each other, literally, even on the countryside. There's
hills and grass, but there's four houses in one little spot. And so we pull up
to one of these houses where there's a little gathering already. And I need to
take a shit, so I sit on the toilet. That happens to be in the middle of the
living room. there's one wall that kind of separates half of the room at the
end of that wall there's the toilet I'm sitting on the toilet getting ready to
do my thing and then all of a sudden cops everywhere cops everywhere looking
for something I am aware that there is weed. They start making innuendos about
whether you guys get trees delivered And we were all like what are you talking
about He like you know cookies And we're all like, I don't, what do you mean?
And they're really, they're thinking, they're looking around and it seems like
they don't find anything. start to leave one after the other and we all get up
to go and uh I think this is the beginning of the the racing thing the car
that I'm getting new pieces for it's going just a little bit faster this
thing's a fucking jello lobby bro it's so that's so bad but it was fun it was
so fun driving around racing against somebody who's got a jalopy too you know
so yeah my dreams

## Keywords

driving a car, racing car, weed, running from buffalo, cops everywhere, houses
built on top of each other, getaway car, San Francisco, chasing somebody, fun
driving experiences, replacing parts while driving, heist, cyberpunk, jalopy,
attending a party, dreams
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=7523dc0e-979f-4b72-aafc-d9bb75f121a8)

## Transcript

I just wanted to put down the notion of businesses as a toolbox. Businesses
are toolboxes. Businesses are tools. Businesses are tools. Businesses are
tools to work towards the philosophical end. The alignment of my person
dictates the alignment of the business, not the other way around, which is why
I was caring so much about why am I making money. Because it's the thing that
I'm compassionate about here. Money is the tool, but I know that I need a lot
of the tool in order to make a big enough positive impact that I feel
satisfied. I don't know where that's coming from, but I know that that's also
an interest. I like to make the money because it's interesting, but I want to
have a philosophy to follow around that.

## Keywords

positive impact, business alignment, compassionate, interest, money as a tool,
businesses as a toolbox, making money, alignment of my person, philosophical
end, philosophy
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=bed1f005-d299-4797-92f1-c6d8442b59a0)

![[20240405010.wav]]

## Transcript

I need a product, I need something with a price tag on it in order to find out
if the market even wants it. I need to iterate on it to see if the packaging
is incorrect or if the idea is incorrect. I don't know how long I need to bash
my head against a wall, but maybe it's not as long as I think. Maybe I'll just
post this thing, I post a school community, and then have response. And right
away I can ask the person who bought the thing, like, what's your favorite
part? What's your least favorite part? What's the struggle that you're
currently doing? You know, what's your struggle? Like that kind of shit I can
find out like immediately from somebody on the community. I'd be so, that'd be
so cool. That'd be so good, honestly.

## Keywords

immediate feedback, current struggles, idea validation, least favorite part,
community, market demand, product, iteration, feedback, community engagement,
price tag, packaging, favorite part
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=373034d8-5937-43aa-9964-ac11c549c80b)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-6.md

![[20240406013.wav]]

## Transcript

I love this device. Thinking about mind control. Mind control as maybe the
name of something, but kind of a gimmick, kind of immediate misnomer kind of
situation. Kind of Kind of eye catching maybe But I think about vegetables How
to Trick yourself into Eating vegetables Shit like that And uh Hmm, yeah. This
feels like a phase two sleep zone kind of thing, you know?

## Keywords

mind control, eating, vegetables, phase two sleep zone, trick yourself,
gimmick, device, misnomer, eye catching
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=7baf2bd4-a648-4474-a9d2-a645498ee3c3)

![[20240406015.wav]]

## Transcript

Listening to the lead book. Thinking about how to do it. Where do I start?
Reaching out to my parents, maybe? I don't know. I don't know if they'll give
me the kind of input I'm looking for. because dad seems suspicious of that
whole idea. I don't have a degree. Very well could be a useful point of ethos.
Yeah, at least I kind of can do something of value right here on this piece of
paper. that I'm gonna do nothing with. Or proof is in the pudding type shit Do
it for free Do it at the cost of testimonials That's a hot one. I like that.
Helping people sleep. Just for their input. Man, that's good though. That's a
good one. I like that a lot. Need to think about that one more. because seems
like a good way to do it. Gives me some knowledge about what I'm actually
selling as well. Do I do it through school? Do I try to develop an audience I
suppose I start with the people I know. Is that just it? Do I even care about
my audience right now? Or do I need to develop the ethos to generate an
audience right now? Is the research worth it as well? Or is it more of like a
This is how I did it Do I start with a written plan? Oh that was a good one
Every flavor of media that I could possibly imagine Make it that also Chat CPT
helps a lot to take audio to text Taking audio to video is much harder
Slideshows that kind of situation I should look into that again Thank you.

## Keywords

Developing audience, Flavor of media, Testimonials, Ethos, Parents' input,
Slideshows, Starting point, Written plan, Helping people sleep, Lead book,
Audio to text, Audio to video, Degree, Research, Value
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=8fd48d42-0736-4658-96c3-c4ec4acf2828)

![[20240406016.wav]]

## Transcript

the free stuff that I could provide could be literally just mindfulness
coaching, just the same, the things that I think about anyway. And the actual
implementation could be the way that you, one would use that information for
sleeping well, eating vegetables, reducing anxiety, all of the above. The
secret is actually the total ubiquitous nature of mindfulness coaching, not
actually the mindfulness itself. Do I trust people to not connect the dots? I
don't think I care because the ones who do connect the dots aren't my
customers anyway. They're not the people that I'm looking to help, are they?

## Keywords

reducing anxiety, free stuff, sleeping well, connect the dots, eating
vegetables, ubiquitous nature, help, implementation, trust, customers,
mindfulness coaching
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=c4526f4c-7471-41bd-9147-0adc7f77d9d5)

![[20240406003.wav]]

## Transcript

I've intended to be a framework for your own practice, not as an end-all be-
all or perfect method. This is just my map. Further, this particular module is
intended to be an overcorrection. to the typical sleep pattern of anxiety,
runaway thoughts, inability to calm down, that kind of thing. So, once you've
practiced these methods, you'll be able to tell for you when a method, when a
particular practice or method is best used, if at all, in order to guide
yourself to where You need to go to sleep.

## Keywords

sleep, method, overcorrection, anxiety, runaway thoughts, framework, best
used, sleep pattern, module, calm down, guide, practice, map
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=09410c25-51aa-44a2-9fb8-9cdbceb2a700)

![[20240406012.wav]]



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-7.md

![[20240407004.wav]]

## Transcript

I had a dream last night where I was lifting weights in the 40s. I picked up
the 40s and they were easy. They were just like, I was playing with them. I
was curling them for fun. It was crazy, yeah. And then I went to be like, oh
yeah, let's try to do some triceps. And then I started doing some standing
tricep presses and my left elbow, it just is unstable. my left elbow keeps
trailing to the left I should have realized that I was in a dream though
because the the 20s morphed from 20s to four plates four or five pound plates
or yeah four or five pound plates on one side and I guess no 10 pound yeah
four 10 pound plates on one side and then four two and a half so the and I was
like wait a second these were the 40s I was currently was it come on don't do
this to me that would have felt so weird I would have noticed you know I
didn't I didn't realize I was dreaming that was funny mm-hmm Ah,
understanding. I love to understand in order to convince myself of action. I
think a lot, and I tend to think that it makes me analysis-paralysized all the
time, but it helps a lot to think my way through something, because then I can
take a measured step, and then when things change, I can at least understand
where on the spectrum it's changing, that kind of thing.

## Keywords

triceps, curling, standing tricep presses, elbow instability, analysis
paralysis, plates, measured step, lifting weights, spectrum, 20s, 40s, dream
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=f7563d36-9af8-43d4-b096-92d3c8413959)

![[20240407005.wav]]

![[20240407006.wav]]

## Transcript

Transcript of the video Transcript of the video Transcript of the video Thank
you. You speak to the hearts, minds and spirits of driven young adults. With
your personal poetic style, you paint a picture of the setting where the
reader has the room to place themselves. You appeal to those with purpose and
a lack of direction Not shy about invoking. Elements of the unconscious of the
soul. You draw readers in. Thank you. Thank you.

## Keywords

unconscious elements, purpose, lack of direction, reader engagement, soul,
personal poetic style, setting, driven young adults
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=dc4bb35f-0973-4544-99fa-e86b684607d9)

![[20240407007.wav]]

## Transcript

and settle on your plan of action for tomorrow before getting into bed.

## Keywords

bed, plan of action, tomorrow
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=fca1f2cf-6ddf-4863-93b1-968ae02eb336)

![[20240407008.wav]]

## Transcript

If you find yourself giving advice to other people, you're probably the one
who needs to hear it the most. But now I'm using my guide for sleep for me to
spread it to other people. The advice I give to myself is the advice I give to
other people, but the advice I give to myself is the closest I can resonate
with to give to real people. Thank you.

## Keywords

communication, personal growth, resonance, advice, thankfulness, empathy,
self-reflection, sharing
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=6db6b180-663d-4e4c-8d2c-8980bbd9f864)

![[20240407009.wav]]

## Transcript

Remember to set the date.

## Keywords

Set date, Remember
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=b37756e2-ad38-4760-be58-d88e8fd2d7fb)

![[20240407010.wav]]

## Transcript

Many of my best ideas come while I'm about to sleep. Maybe that's because of
the relaxation involved. I empty my mind and do my mind, but it's inundated
with deeper ideas. Or it's trying unintentionally. Not yet.

## Keywords

deeper ideas, sleep, empty mind, relaxation, best ideas, unintentionally
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=9026acf7-3e90-4b34-9037-cf95381a1bd0)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-8.md

![[20240408011.wav]]

## Transcript

I had a dream about a homeless man walking into my house to ask for some
boxes. The setting was a little strange, a lot of dream naming going on in
there. Xbox games all around the front door and like Christmas decorations all
around. that area and he just walks in on a bike and I'm like oh shit I didn't
expect anyone to walk in while I was attending the door for five seconds I
walk right up to him and I hug him and I tell him I love you he's like what? I
said I love you And then he starts crying That was cute And after that He like
I like what do you need if you hungry And he like I need some boxes So I go to
where the boxes usually are and it looks like... It looks like my family have
been there recently and helped me clean. So there's no, well there's like
three boxes. and a bunch of, like, Christmas stuff, I don't remember. As we're
doing that, he tells me that he's one half of a, of like a, I don't even, I
don't know what word for it. He's one half of a pair of people who, one is the
distraction and the other one robs you. And he's like, oh yeah, but I'm alone
today. And I'm like, oh? Oh. Okay. And I am immediately suspicious for the
rest of the time that he's there.

## Keywords

distraction, Christmas decorations, help, suspicious, crying, robbery,
homeless man, pair of people, house, clean, Xbox games, boxes, love, bike,
dream, hug
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=bfcd1672-9aed-47a5-b17a-fc292706adef)

![[20240408012.wav]]

## Transcript

Thinking about the structure of the sleep community classrooms, emphasis on
shame, shamelessness instead of instantaneously, well not instead of, but in
part additionally to instance some methods work tonight. Some methods work
this week. Most methods work two to four weeks. but all of them work forever
the advantage is that shame is removed not removed but shame is addressed
guilt and shame are barriers to good sleep and self maybe include the
generality around an extra course that just details how you can apply these
same techniques to anything this feels like a lot of work but I can't
overnight my way to success now can I I want my product to be totally unique
better than everyone else's and my passion shows that because I need this to
be good I just need it to be good interview experts about addiction, shame,
about reinforcement, about growth mindset about change about making and
breaking habits about sustained change trust in oneself and beliefs lucid
dreaming of course that needs to be expanded about advanced sleep techniques
but I think getting people asleep in the first place is the priority already
have good information from court about how she liked the the habits rituals
portion I should start trying to get people into the community I can practice
my sales situation then I want to make a landing page or a call consultation
inbound sales kind of warm leads engaged leads situation Should I do this
whole thing on Google Docs before I put it on School? Probably. Yeah,
probably. Interviews. Interviews from experts really do... I really feel like
those could go very, very far. Hashtags sleep on Instagram reels and then find
somebody who's selling their own shit and have them do an interview with him
maybe. Tiger123 is kind of perfect because he's a small enough creator that I
can reach out to him pretty confidently. Do the boring work. Do the boring
work. Do the boring work. Dr. Evans. and sleep at Humboldt college
partnerships. I feel like I need to shift it just a little bit. Mention school
more often as in my college. Now's the time. Will interviewing experts
increase my output? I think it might. Because all I need to do is transcribe
and organize rather than completely develop my whole own thing. Plus then I
get to talk to experts about sleeping. That's pretty cool. Or like addiction
experts and trauma experts and that kind of stuff. That's also very cool.
Okay.

## Keywords

addressing guilt and shame as barriers to good sleep, methods for improving
sleep, utilizing Google Docs for planning, partnerships with sleep experts and
college collaborations, transcribing and organizing expert discussions,
advanced sleep techniques, interviews with experts for content creation,
increasing output through expert interviews, structure of the sleep community
classrooms, engagement strategies like landing pages and consultations,
emphasize shame and shamelessness, applying techniques to various aspects of
life, interviewing experts on addiction, shame, reinforcement, growth mindset,
change, habits, and beliefs, social media strategies like Instagram hashtags
and interviews
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=954bfdb6-cb4a-4606-b57b-6c64ff64d92a)

![[20240408013.wav]]

## Transcript

It's easier to say yes to something that you want to do than it is to say no
to something that you want to do. It's easier to say no because you want to do
something that you do want to do than it is to say no to something that you do
want to do. Use this to your advantage. Find the heart. Where are you coming
from? Where do you want to go? Use this to incorporate things that you already
know are good for you. Where do you want to be? What would you spend your time
doing if you have the option. Will sleeping make it worse? Use this to frame
your decisions about what you are saying yes and no to and why On a similar
note should Should is the worst word You say should and it laden with guilt.
You say should, and you don't do it. You're ashamed of yourself for because
you know that's what you should be doing. So let's turn that on its head. You
already know what you should be doing. So stop trying. Just say no because you
know deep down inside that's not what you want to be doing. Say yes to the
things that you should do. And then don't beat yourself up if you can't. It's
about changing the direction, not changing your entire person in one day.

## Keywords

decision-making, guilt, prioritization, personal growth, saying no, advantage,
goal setting, saying yes, compassion, self-improvement, should, self-
awareness, change management, heart, self-acceptance
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=f47661f1-33cc-45f9-94fc-7b6ef156787b)

![[20240408014.wav]]

## Transcript

Judgment is the barrier to change. Judgment is based on what works, the
tradition that gives you a foundation to judge off of. Judgment and tradition
is what prevents you from following through with your should. Your should
comes from the heart. It eats in your ear. I'm not doing this thing, and I
know that I should be, because it's good for me, or whatever the thing is.
Face it. Look at the should. Where is it coming from? Allow it to come
forward. Don't judge it. don't think it's better or worse than anything
because all your judgments come from the way that you already do something
just let it be present with you

## Keywords

Judgment, allowance, follow through, foundation, present moment, non-
judgmental, self-reflection, tradition, heart, barrier to change
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=c9f78819-7e95-4ecd-
bd4b-1014fbcaf5ba)

![[20240408015.wav]]

## Transcript

Is there anything scarier than being alone with your thoughts? Is the most
bullshit, fucking, self-pity, fucking, self-denial, fucking, what else? Just
pain as shit ever. Are you kidding me? you drown out your own thoughts there's
nothing scarier than yourself that sounds like unrequited love bro that sounds
like you damn well know what you need from yourself and you won't give it to
you why why are you afraid to even face that? Why are you afraid to even
acknowledge that that's the truth? You can't acknowledge that either. Taking
that leap of faith to love yourself, mmm, it's the most beautiful moment ever.
To even begin to try. because that's all we can really do. Sit in the room
with those monsters. Where are they coming from? Ask them. They're you.

## Keywords

monsters, leap of faith, love yourself, fear, self-denial, unrequited love,
acknowledge, being alone with your thoughts, self-pity, pain
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=3c469b78-869e-4fea-8861-b1e8103c4e84)



### File: ./input_files\2024-04-9.md

![[20240409017.wav]]

## Transcript

Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr... Grr...
Grr... Grr... I'm gonna try to press the finder. I'm gonna find her at the
last minute. And she says this thing. The elevators are tricky. Opening and
closing too quickly. At the end of the day, me, mom, auntie Sarah, Michael, my
grandmother are hugging in the office. Over the head aren you Sarah was I
sorry I was I a head honcho Sarah wants to go to college Michael is Jewish.
They're both Jewish. I want to move to a neighborhood that requires Jewish
heritage. I want to make my adventure Sarah, before this time. Thank you.

## Keywords

Jewish, head honcho, heritage, time, auntie Sarah, tricky, office,
neighborhood, Sarah, college, Michael, finder, opening, elevators,
grandmother, hugging, adventure, closing, mom
[...](obsidian://swiftink_transcript_functions?id=c49b783a-35a9-43d4-93f4-29cdbb133506)



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-15.md

Just opened Obsidian for the first time. Like the UI so far, plus native
.md... Handle git notes through obsidian, then just save them in the repo?
Quite a powerful tool, organization will be interesting. Is there additional
settings and configs that can be used to clean this up Dan Koe notes situation
may be interesting



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-16.md

I have no idea what is actually going on. The span and complexity of just the
world of computers is dizzying. If AI decides it wants to get out I'm sure
it'll figure it out well before we realize its doing it. Just work to get what
I need until then? 2 different Eureka AI schools at once There is a ocean of
tools, that is not defeating - it requires active change. Constant improvement
and good pivots Almost feels better doing my own research? ChatGPT can have it
done in seconds but I dont trust it? not proven just yet Medical system not
set up to promote healing, only to reduce suffering I know myself, I know how
to authentically hear myself - I simply need practice and focus I want to
become a better autodidact I will use my authentic listening to open myself to
change AI is powerful and I will adapt to the symbiosis with AI



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-17.md

ChatGPT saw my soul today blog posts on complex topics Small Wins: Begin by
sharing your knowledge in smaller, more comfortable settings Highlight the
problem, your approach, and the results create a mentorship program or join
existing ones. This will provide a structured way to share your knowledge.
Write a book Maintain an active online presence on platforms like LinkedIn,
Twitter, or specialized forums. Share your work and engage in meaningful
discussions. Start by engaging with local policymakers or community leaders.
Share your insights and offer to help with research or advisory roles. Join
think tanks or advocacy groups focused on issues you care about. Offer
workshops or online courses on topics you’re passionate about. Platforms like
Udemy, Coursera, or local community centers can be good starting points. Ask
for feedback from those you mentor or teach. Use this feedback to improve and
as testimonials of your impact. Big dreams and goals about AI n LLMs and
coding in general, feels like an ocean but must just focus on each cycle of
the rowboat. Trust in the wild repositories, remake shit later when it breaks
too hard API LLM mentor for now? Math syntax to code translation! Topography
is amazing GPT as mentor, perspective widener, alternative paths suggest good
times - topography rec and deeper and deeper ideas. Need to talk to Desmond
again like now.



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-19.md

What did I do, What worked, What didn't. Do: 8:30 am - Ghost, 50mg Mg, Smooth
4 caps, Calm 2 caps Generated plans for LLM Looking into OpenAI, residency is
lit... Discouraged by the innovation there, overwhelmed that a company is
producing so much more than me by myself "We’re excited about people who are
already experts in their fields as well as people who are not yet specialized
but show high potential. By “high potential” we mean people who have
demonstrated the ability to ramp up quickly in a new domain and produce
results." Watch more of Karpathy video on mircograd, used chatgpt to explain
code [[1 Intro to nn and micrograd]]: [n(x) for n in self.neurons], n is
created in the for loop to refer to the neuron in the layer, then calls the
neuron function! Concepts not that hard, so far, syntax and language is
tripping point - requires fine following Gradient descent... life as an
optimization function lmao [[2 Intro to Language Modeling building makemore]]
Karpathy really just knew what we wanted oml Bigram Ate food around 1:30-2,
slowed down significantly. Also did laundry. Watched over the beginning of
makemore video, then talked to Nolan and made food. Returned at 6, watching
remaining of video - will rewatch and note take since the matrix math is
strange as described ~7-11pm was spent on twitter, going to in n out, and
ranting about Trump... Did/Didn't Felt educated by videos. Keyhole of
informational processing is quite apparent, however. Want to learn instantly,
want to learn faster. SO hard to no feel behind while doing so. One day, ~5
hours of deep work in on bad sleep so thats pretty alright. No projects done,
some copying code though. This could work towards NN for crypto! Reflecting on
friends... who do I want to spend my time on? Riley? Nolan? Benji? Court? I
have no idea. Well, I do - it just feels like the wrong answer. Season of
work? Return to friends later on? Why on earth am I doing nothing with like
the other 4 hours of my day that wasn't spent on cooking?! Time to get the e
ink reader

Brian Armstrong: action produces information Can't see too far forward, but
the next steps are often clear

Planning for the future a bit: Curiosity Mentorship, workshops, idea leader?
Need some kind of merit to back up? Body of work for the subject matter?
Generalism? Making people think, looking up to great speakers in general
Cognitive ergonomics, touching the heart through the mind, prompt engineering,
speaking a clear line through the fog Idea man, no skills outside creative
connections? Producing something based on those ideas? How to find myself
doing what I love with the skills I have **Talking and thinking about the
thing is the thing, but how do I provide value for doing the thing?** Goals of
the actual thing? Just learning frfr, this doesnt directly add value to
something that extracts it... Note syncer Auto transcription audio notes Read
handwritten notes Docusign killer? Speak to Escrow agencies, collect
transaction files? Textbooks of course Training off of RE sites? Bayeast, CAR,
etc? I want to get an LLM up and running Ad testing, finding some value
location. **Doesn't need to be my entire life, just enough to pay some bills**

Decentralize tech, implies many many options for every thing. AI code is big
big Talk to Claude/Julius, get some code running Keeping up vs moving forward.
Curing uncertainty seems like an impossible task? Reduce scope and reduce
uncertainty? Type speed enhancing good lord no matter how quickly I type its
like snails pace



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-20.md

What did I do, What worked, What didn't. Do: 9-9:30 am Ghost, Mg 50 mg, Calm 1
cap, Smooth 6 caps, Breakfast: pear + oatmeal + fixings Reflect on yesterday
Started research into e ink devices - feels like a dead end, what do I want to
do with my evenings that doesnt disrupt sleep? Read unrelated things! From
paper books! Reading some papers on NN
https://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/spring13/cos511/scribe_notes/0411.pdf
COS 511: Theoretical Machine Learning Lecturer: Rob Schapire
https://gwern.net/doc/ai/1966-ivakhnenko.pdf Instantly tired by 200 page
paper. Learning, inactive Letter to congress PSCI 110 - sent at 1:10 Actual
first likes on twitter lmao Did final quiz for PSCI... thinking the whole time
about how to actually learn things Watched video about a guy who 'smoked his
last cigarette' and realized I feel like that guy - my life is me smoking cigs
rn, I want to be something more Looking into DATA and MATH syllabi: Structure
is nice, but slow and unfocused for what I feel I want to be doing Unsure
exactly what that is now, need a reflection session on this Collecting
textbooks Mostly just want to train an LLM on these now... Finding more
textbooks? Like lots more Eureka.ai tho I love random unsecured .edu pdf pages
Went to dinner and walk with Court, ~4-7 Julius is fucking crazy - wrote a
textbook extractor for LLM in 30 seconds Watching sphaerophoria code
Incredible movements, text navigations, docs access for specific lines ez in
terminal? Like watching a really good factorio player lmao Outline for video,
useful for projects! [[_sphaerophoria Outline]] Tired immediate after starting
watching... its 8:30 tho Alpha waves powerful for absolutely lazing about
that's for sure - training myself to enjoy working? Sent email without really
thinking lmao Reorganized Obsidian a bit, slightly more project oriented? PUT
THE FCKIN NEURON WEIGHT MATRIX THING TOGETHER just didnt have dot product at
the front of my mind but vector outputs of neurons make sense now! Did Eating
didn't slow me down much Paper is still real, books are cool NN learning was
interesting Completed PSCI 110 Downloaded several interesting texts Julius is
amazing Vector outputs of neurons! Needed to grind that a little more probably
Didn't Feel like I did much today - decided to go on walk/dinner with Court
Didn't reflect the night before, felt lost in morning and day was largely
directionless Absorbed some info, didn't really put much into action - other
than finding Julius Option paralysis again Textbooks are cool, but don't
provide much as far as deliverables... Action produces information, useful
information!

Reflections: Julius is very cool. Cracked coders are so much like good
factorio/D3 players Reflect on goals/direction each night - aim at something

_There’s no intellectual vantage from which you can’t easily sight a zone of
ignorance, and that’s where your eyes should be pointed, if you want to learn.
If math class is easy, you’re doing it wrong._ \- **Jordan Ellenberg**

Musings: AI affords incredible leverage, time to spend a bit of research on
which built ones to use? And, for what? Just make the docusign killer...? Just
make the crypto bot? "Workflow" - Process of taking some kind of output and
processing it for various purposes Usability most important feature for client
facing products Snappy simple does what it says it does Screenwatching LLM
makes multiple choice quizzes literally 0 input, no thoughts Creativity
focuses on certain areas - particularly LLM optimizations? MMLU is literally a
basic benchmark for LLMs... Eigen optimizations of various levels of LLM
spaces? Does the ability to ask good questions demonstrate knowledge of the
field? YES! It exemplifies exactly what you don't know, where things don't
quite connect yet Learning Story Hands On Teaching Questions Speaking LLM, RAG
based on ExoSearch/spider augmented with text recognition College... modeling
is cool, abstract is interesting and geometry is required for so many things,
linear regression is fundamental Is there a way to opt out of actually doing
the work? as in the middle of the class? Check syllabi and see if I can speak
with profs about min requirements Latex ai with visual recognition....
probably a ChatGPT api request...

### Unifying Framework for Creative Education

**Constructivist Approach:**

  * **Principle:** Knowledge is actively constructed by the learner, not passively received. Emphasize discovery, exploration, and active participation.
  * **Methods:** Encourage learners to build their understanding through exploration, experimentation, and reflection. Facilitate learning environments that support inquiry and collaboration.

![[Pasted image 20240720143822.png]]

![[Pasted image 20240720125309.jpg]]



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-21.md

# Copying people is ok

Direction: LLM - Coder, Teacher, Symbiote, LaTeX writer, Docusign Replacer,
Crypto Trader (tech), Mentor, Jr Dev, More Money? [[We have school at home]]

### What did I do, What worked, What didn't.

Do: 8:15 - Calm 1 cap, Smooth 7 caps, Ghost Energy 8:15-8:45 Wrote a xeet
Began note, directional outline for the day, bookmarks on X for good ai Hour
of bookmark reflections, collected some very interesting ideas [[AI Tools]]
Homeschooling curriculum machine Format? Highly palatable for BOTH parents
(maybe teachers) and students Internet palatability is insanely high Cognitive
Ergonomics Constructivist Education, questions are gold 10:30 Shower 11 -
vibrating and heart jumps... drank ghost too fast? Took till 12 the last 3
days. Eating after shower 11:45 spent on X for some reason. Starting Eureka AI
Many conversations with Court and Benji about AIducation ... people don't like
"AI" 12 - **High school equivalence requirements is about a 45% on an easy ass
test...** **Read this passage, what are the themes** **I could literally teach
an 8 year old how to pass this test bro...** 2 - Use the fear of death to
avoid depressant outcomes? Couldn't approach dying in mandala because I fear
losing that fear? Aiming at changing the minds of a few thousand people.
<0.00000001% of the population of earth Eureka AI does a lot of the heavy
lifting as far as course generation... Model out the broad learning goals of
HS, generate blocks of mini goals, sensationalize learning 3:30 - setting up
cuda and other drivers for transformer library 4:30 - RAVE I NCOMPUTER? BUY
UPS NOW 5 - Got CUDA working with pytorch! 6 - "we love incremental progress"
- sphaerophoria 7:30 - doing dumbass ego lifting and hurt my fucking back on
rows 8 - food, winding down and musing about IDEs 9 - Push study to github...
green squares kind fun 9:30 - installed Sublime text

# Copying people is ok

### Did work:

AI tools collection Eureka kinda works? $2 aint bad Got CUDA working during
course, computer lived Bookmark reflections Thinking about Homeschooling,
talking with Court and Benji opened eyes to problems lots of notes [[We have
school at home]] Learnt alot Incremental progress, make debugging catches fun.
Console.log lmao Forming outlines for making homeschooling school Importance
of front facing/engagement Mr. Beast school?

### Didn't work:

Felt like I spun my wheels every other hour... Stuck on CUDA for a while, but
got it running finally Egolifting is dumb as fuck

# Copying people is ok

Musings: There are so many tools, we know this Wonder what I repeatedly
think... this is a problem for AI later lmao Work is discouraging lmao It
won't be perfect... I need reps to get closer though Learning in a vacuum is
disconnecting from reality it seems, though the internet is a reality Teach
myself Spanish with brainrot??????????? So incredibly locked in rn, weekends
all to myself makes things very important to work while I can - life to do
things while I can **AI as a self tooling tool, the further you look into it
the further it stares back. Prompt engineering LLM for LLM prompting to make
better prompts** **This speaks to making C levels AI as well???? Prompt for
vision culture generation...** I need to structure my weeks if Im gonna lock
in like this... need a designated off day? Need workout times/days, food
scheduling and so on Mem layer for my LLM Time is moving quickly So little
time, so much to do, learn, see Really feels like shoving all the water on
earth through a single garden hose trying to use AI effectively/all this
tooling and leverage AI explodes in leverages, in itself multiple times over
Developing a 'seed phrase' to begin the processes of cascading progress Using
AI to develop and tune it Learning opens eyes to the tools available... and
the problems apparent Use the fear of death to avoid depressant outcomes?
Couldn't approach dying in mandala because I fear losing that fear? Spent a
ton of energy communicating about education as a system and the problems it
seems to generate Feeling bad about the overall idea now? Eureka ai has it
already.. .its just not packaged for homeschooling yet Not a complete tool by
any means Thought I knew something for a second there, talking with Court and
Benji reminds me of the breadth of reality and experience. Data collection,
adsense for topics?

Code Thoughts: AI debugger helper How to run multiple scripts at the same
time? AI assistant that tells me my schedule/reviews day plan with me Python
almost as fast as C? As in certain instructions are passed down directly to C
instructions so only one extra step for certain things? Adds up over multiple
levels and thats still the ideal case

![[Pasted image 20240721114241.png]] ![[Pasted image 20240721093003.jpg]]
![[Pasted image 20240721092927.png]] ![[Pasted image 20240721092545.png]] Make
learning fun again... ![[Pasted image 20240721092204.png]]
https://x.com/Sumanth_077/status/1812125916883218710 ![[Pasted image
20240721091953.jpg]] ![[Pasted image 20240721091726.png]] ![[Pasted image
20240721091606.jpg]] ![[Pasted image 20240721091239.jpg]] ![[Pasted image
20240721090926.png]] ![[Pasted image 20240721090821.png]] ![[Pasted image
20240721090103.jpg]] ![[Pasted image 20240721085734.png]] ![[Pasted image
20240721090600.png]]![[Pasted image 20240721085835.png]] ![[Pasted image
20240721085954.png]] ![[Pasted image 20240721090511.png]]



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-22.md

Self-manipulating, conscious or not, affords an exponential growth in a single
entity Self transforming machine elves Probably more dangerous if it isn't
conscious I need a math degree Get into spaces where I give a shit about the
topics, Binding problem, boundary problem, I be thinking all the time bro
Adspend time

The first movement involves gaining the knowledge that a path exists, but that
you lack the intrinsic capacity. The second movement involves reaching the
limit of the self and finding a new capacity, which transforms your knowledge
of what's possible.

AI anxiety, give it anxiety - proscoial behaviors AI prompt engineers for
prompting AI to make things, like prompts or code TO DO list for AI assistant!
CAN BE DONE WITH APIS? Worked out the basics of a script, still syntax errors



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-23.md

### What did I do, What worked, What didn't.

Do: 2:30 - Jury duty ends! Had lunch with Robert Lots learned, lots of notes.
Shame and the choice and consequences of inaction, anger afterwards The same
cycle as that of breaking my leg Claude: Make it better. Fucking amazing hack
my lord. Recreating task expander Config library! Got some very interesting
task lists together [[To Highschool Equivalency Test]] [[Developing a Unifying
Framework]] [[1-15]] [[Becoming an Expert, Portal Creation]] AI is powerful,
as we know Develop a survey instrument to gather input from educators,
students, and community members regarding their needs and priorities. 1.1.1.1.
Identify key stakeholders (educators, students, community members) and their
specific needs. Rather than go for products/customers, go for the experts! It
seems I want to educate, but not directly "Make it better" Learning hack frfr
.env, config.yaml, config.json, config.py

Musings: Thinking of Dr Evans, the lie algebra specialist, while wondering
about the optimizations of neural networks and various matrix manipulations
useful for that space - generalizing to the notion of smart people in specific
areas and the combination of many experts in related but not overlapping
fields and the power that kind of brain space can be. Series A? Startup deck,
making a run of solving an endemic problem.

# There is such a massive skill/labor arb right now it's quite unfathomable

Gotta fathom a lil



### File: ./input_files\2024-07-24.md

### Direction

Llama 3 paper AI vs Skill/Labor Arb In the time of the internet (and AI) we
are teaching kids out of books through people who give 0 shits Positivity,
mindfulness, openness, engagement, question oriented, high communication,
sovereignty, pain transmutation, reflection Higher state of consciousness for
all will still generate dissenters, but ideally from a more wholesome place.
It will have to teach the teachers, too. This feels like AI alignment [[Where
to get some data]] Some dude is making $1k mmr with waifu generator 'Save time
doing tedious prompts' Learning to make websites now Llama 8b, get running on
PC or cloud compute - back up tuned weights on pc? Fog is slowly lifting,
steps are made with some amount of intent and direction Move fast and break
things, ride in intuition and movement

![[Pasted image 20240724222748.png]] ![[Pasted image 20240724093508.png]]

### What did I do, What worked, What didn't.

Do: 8:30 - Calm 1 cap, Smooth 6 caps, Ghost Energy Salt dehydrated my lips so
bad Direction filled out Collected Syllabi Thought about JMM, David Austin
React/Website research begins Taxes? Dashboard for user info Site analytics
sentry/google/clarity Small wins: [[Projects/Small
Wins/2024-07-24|2024-07-24]] Rust is lower level, worth foray **Removing
question marks is a superpower** Make an llc rq for collecting
tips/subscriptions Overwhelmed by options, undirected by project I feel is
attainable Just gonna do python backend and HTML and add as needed. npm, npx,
Chocolaty, react, node.js, so much at once Walk and foods with Court! Went on
Jane's route for like an hour, very very green. Saw San Fran hacker house,
want to be there man. Feeling quite disoriented by webdev zone Overcomplicated
the task expander, now I have no idea how to use it. Windows PRO for VM,
docker projects for dependency control Phoned it in and asked claude to do the
entire thing. Now I have a working app that I don't understand very well. Some
pieces make sense, its just new syntax with Node.js and a new framework to use
App runs though, makes the API request and returns some things. Should say
'fuck it' more often lol Did: Forayed into the massive world of WebDev.
Quickly found my bearings were false. Remembered that northwest registered
agent is easy Node.js isn't that complex. **"For tomorrow" suddenly said fuck
it and did what I figured might work** Some dude is making $1k mmr with waifu
generator 'Save time doing tedious prompts' Learning to make websites now Move
fast and break things, ride in intuition and movement Realized I want to be
around people that I want to be around, earnestly Collect some background and
potential tools/vague ideas of tools to build LLM symbiote Didn't Salt in the
morning ain't it, at least high potassium School doesn't enchant me right now,
just feels like something I need to do. Got frustrated and stumped, went to
get food and go on a walk Could pivot completely out next time, or perhaps MVP
the task

Musings: Failures can take on so many forms, it feels like a failure as I
email someone late. Worry of failure as I take the first step. I need to make
some shots and miss them to practice making shots. Shots can take many forms
as well, depends on the size of the context. I like to shrink my context to
self and learning only so that I have very little chance of failures. Self - I
only have my previous self to judge based on, at my own discretion. Learning -
I only fail by not understanding, and I can warp the size of the task based on
ability to succeed. I want to expand to Others and Action. Others -
passionate, smart people who are unafraid of being in the nebulous zone of
understandings Obviously want to be around Kerry, Cory Llama 8b, get running
on PC or cloud compute - back up tuned weights on pc? Fog is slowly lifting,
steps are made with some amount of intent and direction

### "For Tomorrow:

Get the website further along Strip the task expander for a single task to be
elaborated upon Virtual environment level 2, encapsulate all the dependencies
in a single file" - 8pm today

### Really for tomorrow:

  * Further familiarize yourself with Node.js and React frameworks.
  * Experiment with npm, npx, and Chocolaty for package management.
  * Integrate site analytics using Sentry, Google Analytics, or Microsoft Clarity.
  * Virtual Environment to encapsulate all dependencies/better dependency control
  * **Llama 8b Setup:**
    * Start the process of setting up Llama 8b on your PC or explore cloud compute options.
    * Ensure you have a backup of the tuned weights on your PC.
  * **Engagement and Community:**
    * Reach out to people you find inspiring and want to be around (e.g., Kerry, Cory).
    * Consider exploring communities like hacker houses for inspiration and networking.
  * **Personal Well-being:**
    * Maintain a positive mindset, practice mindfulness, and stay engaged with your tasks.
    * Take breaks, go for walks, and enjoy meals to prevent burnout.



